There's a note in the homework.
So I think we're only looping through all lines.
Also, it says treat all words in context groups as nouns.
Do we just use the first index for context words?
I guess so.
That's the algorithm you told me about on page three.
But I have no idea what its calculating.
There is similarity between the two words.
I still don't know what that number looks like.
Oh my god, it just worked.
I had a stupid bug in my code.
So I am still choosing a word sense for noun group.
But I could try using the first index real quick to see if it works.
It runs really fast regardless.
Is the example output the gold standard?
The other students are reporting their numbers to match.
I just matched.
What are you using?
I'm not sure now what that actually means.
Anyway I'm assuming for now that the example file is the gold standard.
Oh, nevermind.
I need to reread what you said.
What you said would make sense.
Wait a minute.
Thank you!
Someone posted a solution to that on Slack.
Yeah, I saw that Ryan said to just use zero.
I haven't gotten to processing the file.
I see now that someone mentioned Ryan specifically.
Do you know why the example output has numbers between zero and one?
The students are showing results that have numbers more like the numbers in the first part
I don't know.
I'm looking into that now.
Have you figured out the algorithm for group disambiguation?
Not yet.
I've been working since class.
I'm attempting to translate slide seven into language I understand.
Here's what I have.
Here's where I'm stuck.
I still don't know how we determine that.
The other one is descended from it.
Did that work?
What do you report for the third pair?
Sorry, I'm distracted.
I don't really understand what's going on to be honest.
No Problem.
I just started making progress again
I haven't implemented that yet.
Gotcha.
I'm not sure how to pick the correct sense.
Were not worrying about the group right?
I'm not sure how to do that given the group.
If it helps Corey and I are talking about it on Slack a bit.
I'm still stuck on the same thing.
I think I'm going to try this.
I'm about to call it quits.
I wasn't able to implement what I sent.
I adapted it to accomplish the same thing and I got almost the same results.
Good luck.
I think I at least know how to proceed at this point.
Actually, my performance is better than what others are posting online.
My correlation is terrible though.
You don't happen to know how to do that bottom portion do you?
You know, Ryan does say that we normalize.
Maybe that's how we'd get values between zero and one.
Normalization only makes sense for the group disambiguation.
Ryan says, "the Resnik similarity measure is not incremented not by one."
I'm so turned around here.
I don't think I've implemented anything close to what I was supposed to.
Are we going to have homework for both classes?
Fei said around the beginning of the quarter that we would have homework on neural networks.
It may or may not happen.
Maybe it'll be optional like last year.
Don't judge me for wanting a whole two weeks off.
Not at all.
There are plenty of other things to spend time on.
It does seem unlikely that the class will have homework.
I'm not sure.
I'm hoping no, but I also understand that they probably should give us homework that week.
I'm not going to get my hopes up.
Fei made homework ten optional last time, right?
I also like the idea of doing something with neural networks, although I already had a whole class on them.
At least I might be able to help.
That's really good for you.
That's true.
I haven't done neural networks yet.
I feel like that would be a very valuable bullet on my resume.
Have you finished the homework yet?
Nevermind.
I found the answer in Wikipedia.
I finished.
Hey!
Sorry, I was having dinner.
I haven't gotten that far yet.
No worries.
Let me know if you have questions.
Sweet.
Thanks, man.
Let's do something after class.
That sounds great!
