
You want to install a new operating system on your device.
You need to open a browser.
You navigate to the web page.
The file you want to download in located on that web page.
You need to download the installer.
Once your installer is downloaded, open it.
You should click the install button.
You follow the instructions to install.
It is possible that you will need to save the file to a DVD or USB flash drive.
You restart your computer.
You boot your computer from the USB flash drive.
The installer will run from your flash drive.
You configure your system according to your preferences.
Click on the terminal launcher to open your terminal.
If you don't see the terminal launcher, click on the dash launcher.
In the dash, you can see your applications.
You can search for your terminal launcher in the dash.
Your OS probably has an automatic update feature.
If you are comfortable using the terminal, you can update with a terminal command.
You can also launch applications from the terminal.
Your device can connect to wireless networks.
To connect to a wireless network, you will need to access your system settings.
You open your network settings.
You open your wireless network settings.
You select the wireless network you want to connect to.
The icon will indicate that you are connected to a wireless network.
You can connect additional devices to your computer.
You connect a wireless keyboard to your computer.
You can install drivers from the terminal.
You must be careful when you work in the terminal.
#
She wants to install a new operating system on her device.
She needs to open a browser.
She navigates to the web page.
The file she wants to download in located on that web page.
She needs to download the installer.
Once her installer is downloaded, she opens it.
She should click the install button.
She follows the instructions to install.
It is possible that she will need to save the file to a DVD or USB flash drive.
She restarts her computer.
She boots her computer from the USB flash drive.
The installer will run from her flash drive.
She configures her system according to her preferences.
She clicks on the terminal launcher to open her terminal.
If she doesn't see the terminal launcher, she clicks on the dash launcher.
In the dash, she can see her applications.
She can search for her terminal launcher in the dash.
Her OS probably has an automatic update feature.
If she is comfortable using the terminal, she can update with a terminal command.
She can also launch applications from the terminal.
Her device can connect to wireless networks.
To connect to a wireless network, she will need to access her system settings.
She opens her network settings.
She opens her wireless network settings.
She selects the wireless network she wants to connect to.
The icon will indicate that she is connected to a wireless network.
She can connect additional devices to her computer.
She connect a wireless keyboard to her computer.
She can install drivers from the terminal.
She must be careful when she works in the terminal.
#
He wants to install a new operating system on his device.
He needs to open a browser.
He navigates to the web page.
The file he wants to download in located on that web page.
He needs to download the installer.
Once his installer is downloaded, he opens it.
He should click the install button.
He follows the instructions to install.
It is possible that he will need to save the file to a DVD or USB flash drive.
He restarts his computer.
He boots his computer from the USB flash drive.
The installer will run from his flash drive.
He configures his system according to his preferences.
He clicks on the terminal launcher to open his terminal.
If he doesn't see the terminal launcher, he clicks on the dash launcher.
In the dash, he can see his applications.
He can search for his terminal launcher in the dash.
His OS probably has an automatic update feature.
If he is comfortable using the terminal, he can update with a terminal command.
He can also launch applications from the terminal.
His device can connect to wireless networks.
To connect to a wireless network, he will need to access his system settings.
He opens his network settings.
He opens his wireless network settings.
He selects the wireless network he wants to connect to.
The icon will indicate that he is connected to a wireless network.
He can connect additional devices to his computer.
He connect a wireless keyboard to his computer.
He can install drivers from the terminal.
He must be careful when he works in the terminal.
